Dear Esther,
I hope your past few months were peaceful and quiet.
As for me and Paul, we had quite the adventure in Scotland!
I met a lovely sailor in there, and decided to remain in Scotland with him.
Unfortunately, Paul didn't make it.
I know how much you care for your brother, and I did try my best to help him.
However, I forgot about his fish allergy, and cooked him a shark for his birthday.
He did manage to finish half of it before collapsing, so at least he died hearty and full.
My sincerest condolences,
Don
~Esther
Esther is my wife. Ex-wife, actually. Probably. I haven't spoken to her in... quite some time. She can be a bit aggressive, so uh, try not to anger her. She might shoot you. Good luck! - Don
~
Luke: Dear Esther,
Luke: I hope your past few months were peaceful and quiet.
Esther: They were.
Luke: As for me and Paul, we had quite the adventure in Scotland!
Esther|Confused: The what in the where now?
Luke: I met a lovely sailor in there, and decided to remain in Scotland with him.
Esther|Angry: You did what?!
Luke: Unfortunately, Paul didn't make it.
Esther|Angry: Who didn't what? Speak clearer, child!
Luke: I know how much you care for your brother, and I did try my best to help him.
Esther: That's better.
Luke: However, I forgot about his fish allergy, and cooked him a shark for his birthday.
Esther|Confused: A shark? Are you insane?!
Luke: He did manage to finish half of it before collapsing, so at least he died hearty and full.
Esther|Confused: Wait, who died?
Luke: My sincerest condolences, Don
Esther|Confused: That's it? Ugh, I didn't understand half of it! I'll go talk to Don myself!
~
Flake: Dear Esther,
Flake: I hope your past few months were peaceful and quiet.
Esther: They were.
Flake: As for me and Paul, we had quite the adventure in Scotland!
Esther|Angry: Yeah, yeah, rub it in, why don't you.
Flake: I met a lovely sailor in there, and decided to remain in Scotland with him.
Esther|Seething: What?! How dare you leave me like this!
Flake: Unfortunately, Paul didn't make it.
Esther|Seething: You let Paul die?! Oh, now I've had it! DIE!
DEATH
~
Palla: Dear Esther,
Palla: I hope your past few months were peaceful and boring.
Esther|Angry: They were.
Palla: While you were at home, me and Paul had quite the adventure in Scotland!
Esther|Seething: Yeah, yeah, rub it in, why don't you.
Palla: I met a lovely sailor in there, and decided to remain in Scotland with him.
Esther|Seething: You're leaving me?! Oh, now I've had it! DIE!
DEATH
