My dearest Finn,
I would like to thank you once again for letting me stay in your house during your vacation!
I really have no idea what I would've done without you - you're truly a life saver!
And your neighbourhood is lovely as well - everyone is so nice and friendly!
You are the best friend I ever had. I hope you know that.
So please, can you do just one favour for me?
Promise me you won't kill anybody.
Because I accidently burned down your house.
I know how much you care about it, and I'm truly sorry, from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you for your understanding,
Clair
~Finn
He's a very kind man, deep inside. Very deep inside. Bring a shovel if you want to get there. Oh, and no matter what, do NOT mock him.
 - Clair
~
Luke: My dearest Finn,
Luke: I would like to thank you once again for letting me stay in your house during your vacation!
Finn: Why are you talking like this?
Luke: I really have no idea what I would've done without you - you're truly a life saver!
Finn|Angry: Are you mocking me? You think it's funny?
Luke: And your neighbourhood is lovely as well - everyone is so nice and friendly!
Finn|Seething: Stop doing that!
Luke: You are the best friend I ever had. I hope you know that.
Finn|Seething: I told you to stop!
Luke: So please, can you do just one favour for me?
Finn|Anger: NO! DIE, YOU IMBEICLE!
DEATH
~
Flake: My dearest Finn,
Flake: I would like to thank you once again for letting me stay in your house during your vacation!
Finn: Always ready to help the weak.
Flake: I really have no idea what I would've done without you - you're truly a life saver!
Finn: Saving lives is what I do.
Flake: And your neighbourhood is lovely as well - everyone is so nice and friendly!
Finn: Yes, they really are! I love it!
Flake: You are the best friend I ever had. I hope you know that.
Finn: You're my best friend too!
Flake: So please, can you do just one favour for me?
Finn: Sure! Anything for you!
Flake: Promise me you won't kill anybody.
Finn: You have my word. And I never break my word!
Flake: Because I accidently burned down your house.
Finn|Seething: YOU DID WHAT?! OH, YOU ARE SO DEA-
Finn|Seething: ...
Finn|Sad: I... I... My word...
Flake: I know how much you care about it, and I'm truly sorry, from the bottom of my heart.
Finn|Sad: S-sorry...?
Flake: Thank you for your understanding, Clair
Finn|Sad: Y-you're... welcome...
~
Palla: My dearest Finn,
Palla: I would like to thank you once again for letting me stay in your house during your vacation.
Finn: You're welcome. It is an amazing house.
Palla: I really have no idea what I would've done without you.
Finn|Angry: What's with your tone?
Palla: And neighbourhood is so nice and so on and forth.
Finn|Angry: That doesn't sound like Clair. At all.
Palla: And you're the best and bla bla bla.
Finn|Seething: Hey, don't mock me!
Palla: And I need another favour from you.
Finn|Seething: What is it now?!
Palla: Promise me you won't kill anybody.
Finn|Angry: Why would I kill anyone?
Palla: Because I accidently burned your house down.
Finn|Seething: YOU DID WHAT?! OH, THIS IS UNFORGIVABLE! AAAAAA!
DEATH
